DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

## Task 1
### T1.1 Set up a CI workflow
To create a CI workflow using GitHub Actions, we create a YAML file `ci_cd.yml` in the `.github/workflows/` directory.
We give it a name with the `name` field.
Then to specify trigger events, we use the `on` field in which we add the desired events : `push` and `pull_request` on the `main` branch.

To define the jobs to be run, we use the `jobs` field.
In our case, we define a single job named `build-and-test` that will execute `make` and `make test`.
We specify the operating system, here an ubuntu, to be used with `runs-on`, and we use the `steps` field to define the individual steps of the job.

- The first step checks out the repository using the `actions/checkout@v4` action, which allows the workflow to access the code.
- The second step builds the project by running the `make` command.
- The third step runs the tests using the `make test` command.

If one of the steps fails, the entire job will be failed, and the entire workflow fails.

### T1.2 Separate CI from CD / T1.3 Release artifacts
Now we want to add logic for Continuous Deployment (CD). To do this, we modify the existing `ci_cd.yml` file.
Putting the CI and CD logic in the same file allows us to see the entire pipeline in one view, and ensures that the CD process only runs if the CI process is successful.

We add a new trigger event under the `on` field for `release` events, with the type `created`, which means the CD process will run only when a new release is created.

Then we add a new job named `deploy` under the `jobs` field. As with the previous job, we specify the operating system with `runs-on`.

To ensure that it runs only if the CI is successful, we use the `needs` field to specify that the `deploy` job depends on the `build-and-test` job.

We also add an `if` condition to ensure only a `release` event can trigger the deployment.

As before, we define the steps of the job under the `steps` field.

- The first step checks out the repository.
- The second step builds the binary using `make`.
- The third step uploads a release artifact using the `softprops/action-gh-release@v2` action, where we specify the files to be included in the release.

When pushing the file, the CI/CD pipeline runs, and we can see the results in the "Actions" tab of the GitHub repository.

I created a release `v0.1' to test the CD process, and this error occurred:
```
Run softprops/action-gh-release@v2
🤔 Pattern 'dummydb' does not match any files.
Found release Initial Release (with id=276062007)
⚠️ Unexpected error fetching GitHub release for tag refs/tags/v0.1: HttpError: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
Error: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
```

To fix this, I added a command that renames the binary to `dummydb` and changed the upload path.

## Task 2

Commit message:

fix: add permissions field to CI/CD pipeline configuration

DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

## Task 1
### T1.1 Set up a CI workflow
To create a CI workflow using GitHub Actions, we create a YAML file `ci_cd.yml` in the `.github/workflows/` directory.
We give it a name with the `name` field.
Then to specify trigger events, we use the `on` field in which we add the desired events : `push` and `pull_request` on the `main` branch.

To define the jobs to be run, we use the `jobs` field.
In our case, we define a single job named `build-and-test` that will execute `make` and `make test`.
We specify the operating system, here an ubuntu, to be used with `runs-on`, and we use the `steps` field to define the individual steps of the job.

- The first step checks out the repository using the `actions/checkout@v4` action, which allows the workflow to access the code.
- The second step builds the project by running the `make` command.
- The third step runs the tests using the `make test` command.

If one of the steps fails, the entire job will be failed, and the entire workflow fails.

### T1.2 Separate CI from CD / T1.3 Release artifacts
Now we want to add logic for Continuous Deployment (CD). To do this, we modify the existing `ci_cd.yml` file.
Putting the CI and CD logic in the same file allows us to see the entire pipeline in one view, and ensures that the CD process only runs if the CI process is successful.

We add a new trigger event under the `on` field for `release` events, with the type `created`, which means the CD process will run only when a new release is created.

Then we add a new job named `deploy` under the `jobs` field. As with the previous job, we specify the operating system with `runs-on`.

To ensure that it runs only if the CI is successful, we use the `needs` field to specify that the `deploy` job depends on the `build-and-test` job.

We also add an `if` condition to ensure only a `release` event can trigger the deployment.

As before, we define the steps of the job under the `steps` field.

- The first step checks out the repository.
- The second step builds the binary using `make`.
- The third step uploads a release artifact using the `softprops/action-gh-release@v2` action, where we specify the files to be included in the release.

When pushing the file, the CI/CD pipeline runs, and we can see the results in the "Actions" tab of the GitHub repository.

I created a release `v0.1' to test the CD process, and this error occurred:
```
Run softprops/action-gh-release@v2
🤔 Pattern 'dummydb' does not match any files.
Found release Initial Release (with id=276062007)
⚠️ Unexpected error fetching GitHub release for tag refs/tags/v0.1: HttpError: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
Error: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
```

To fix this, I added a command that renames the binary to `dummydb` and changed the upload path.

This still lead to an error:
```
Found release Patch: CI/CD Pipeline Fix (with id=276067205)
⚠️ Unexpected error fetching GitHub release for tag refs/tags/v0.1.1: HttpError: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
Error: Resource not accessible by integration - https://docs.github.com/rest/releases/releases#update-a-release
```

To fix this, I added a `permissions` field.`

## Task 2
